Godwin has a background in Mechanical Engineering with strong insight in various aspects of engineering. He is a strong 3D printing enthusiast with and has taught on several platforms ranging from children to professionals in 3D printing. His professional experience spans across design of mechanical components, specification and validation of technical documentations as well as project delivery and execution. Recognised for ability to communicate and motivate team members to meet strategic goals and team objectives with creative problem solving and trouble shooting skills, complemented by meticulous and creative attention to details in mechanical drawings and design specifications. I have worked with static and rotating machineries and have both designs using piping (& product) software and taught professionals. I am highly dynamic and creative in nature and can work in places where there is little or no supervision.

Some professional experience
Head of Operations
Cadworks Limited, May 2018 to Present, Lagos Nigeria
(Design)
Training of Engineers on Designs using E3D, Solidworks, Autocad Fusion 360, etc. Providing Business Solutions 3D printing Services trainer General Operations optimization

Principal Consultant
Prightle Solutions, November 2017 to Present, Lagos Nigeria
(Technology & Society)
machine Troubleshooting, repairs, and maintenance Design of machine parts (using 3D modeling Software) Electrical Troubleshooting and repairs 3D printing services consulting Home Automation Consulting for clients

Plant Asst. Manager
kia Motors Nigeria, June 2016 to October 2017, Lagos Nigeria
(Automotive)
Plant maintenance Schedule Preparation Equiment repairs and troubleshooting Equipment design JHA and JSA design

Plant Maintenance Engineer
Kia Motors Nigeria, June 2015 to June 2016, Lagos Nigeria
(Automotive)
Plant Equipment Optimization Equipment troubleshooting and repairs (cranes, hydraulic lifts, refrigerating systems, ABS Tester, Painting Boot, Generators, etc.)

Vehicle Assembly Engineer
Kia Motors Nigeria, March 2015 to June 2015, Lagos Nigeria
(Automotive)
SKD Assembly of Kia RIO, CERATO, OPTIMA, K2700, MOHAVE, PICANTO, vehicles. Production Planning Quality Assurance and Quality Control (for Wheel Balancing, Refrigerating, Anti-Lock Braking Sytems (ABS), Speed Test,Brake Test, etc.)

Graduate Trainee
Kia Motors Nigeria, October 2014 to March 2015, Lagos Nigeria
(Automotive)
SKD Assembly of Kia Vehicles Production Management and optimization Parts Sorting and Logistics

ACADEMIC QUALIFICTAIONS 
B. Eng, Mechanical engineering, University of Benin (2012)